[Music]
for generations we thrived peacefully in
a land called Terni knock
we are fawns tros centers and the
stewards of riches and secrets your
people will never know
we are faith and
was our land
until the empire's of man brought us the
chaos of war and then for the chasm of
hopelessness
Steele he brought me here
[Music]
and just as quickly they took him from
me salient such as terni knock feller I
fled eyes
my name is vignettes Tomas and I am
faith
is not my land this is the Berk where we
rear their children toil ourselves to
the bones in their factories scour away
their messes we feed their insatiable
appetites
they call uh scratch and pix
they don't care if we live or die they
can blame us for their problems strip us
of our rights lock us up if they like
but our land is gone
carnival Row is our home now where
darkness lurks and I am the light
[Music]
you